feat: new introductory javascript project (#54305)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/660f280dda5040f707c76b4a.md

---
id: 660f280dda5040f707c76b4a
title: Step 35
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-35
---

# --description--

Now you have a bunch of `#` symbols, but still no pyramid. Thankfully, your `i` variable represents the number of the "row" your loop is currently on, and you can use that to create a pyramid-like structure.

> To do this, you will use the `.repeat()` method that strings have. The `.repeat()` method takes a number, which indicates how many times you would like to repeat the given string.

Reviewer: we should add an example for the repeat method

````suggestion
To do this, you will use the `.repeat()` method that strings have. The `.repeat()` method takes a number, which indicates how many times you would like to repeat the given string.

```js
const activity = "Code! ";

// Code! Code! Code! 
activity.repeat(3);
```
````

---
id: 660f280dda5040f707c76b4a
title: Step 40
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-40
---

# --description--

Now you have a bunch of `#` characters, but still no pyramid. Thankfully, your `i` variable represents the number of the "row" your loop is currently on, and you can use that to create a pyramid-like structure.

> To do this, you will use the `.repeat()` method that strings have. The `.repeat()` method takes a number, which indicates how many times you would like to repeat the given string. Here is an example of using `.repeat()` to create the string `"Code! Code! Code!"`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To achieve this, you will use the `.repeat()` method available to strings. This method accepts a number as an argument, specifying the number of times to repeat the target string. For example, using `.repeat()` to generate the string `"Code! Code! Code!"`:
```
